Go get me a pen ruler. What do you want pen and paper for?
Oh, stop talking nonsense and go
Some people
I really don't give up until the Yellow River
Want me to say
This kind of person should be kicked out
Hmph, living with them just drags down the typing of us scholars
I just don't look at myself
Compared with our Zheng Gongzi
So beautiful
Are you sure?
Don't worry.
Lady Zheng Gongzi is already waiting in the next room for investigation
I heard from outside guests that he seems to be from an aristocratic family
For me
As long as there is talent, it is enough
I knew my wife liked this talented son
Unlike the mortal's son
Not by virtue of his father's official position
By the way, lady
I heard that Sun Qian was severely taught a lesson by an unknown person outside a few days ago.
Lost face
How is that possible?
Really?
Later, that man also became a doctor of law in Guozijian
It seems to be called Qin.
Qin Oh to Qin Feng